README.md, before:

# 😎ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE 😎
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-7-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->
This project intends to enable contributors to create a simple application from start to finish in one week.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/louiCoder"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/32771081?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Musanje Louis Michael</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#maintenance-louiCoder" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/commits?author=louiCoder" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3AlouiCoder" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="#talk-louiCoder" title="Talks">📢</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://wesleyspartan.com"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/43061081?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Wesley K Spartan</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/commits?author=SpartanWK" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/Nsengiyunva"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/4712414?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>King Isaac Nsengiyunva</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/commits?author=Nsengiyunva" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://david.ug"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/10559576?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>David Wampamba</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/commits?author=davidofug" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/TabbyKat123"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/51475285?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>TabbyKat123</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/commits?author=TabbyKat123" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/Stuartkal"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/47181425?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>stuartkal</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/commits?author=stuartkal" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/moremiles"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/5358356?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>moremiles</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/commits?author=moremiles" title="Code">💻</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

Fix contributors name, Edit Readme file to add instructions

README.md, after:

# 😎ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE 😎
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-7-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->
This project intends to enable contributors to create a simple application from start to finish in one week.

## FRONT-END:
The web application will is built in React Js but also Using Redux and Redu-Saga. Navigate to the folder owc-frontend to start making changes

### Instructions:
- clone the repository `git clone https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE.git`.
- navigate to folder `owc-frontend`. MAKE SURE YOU ARE IN `owc-frontend` directory before continuing.
- install dependencies `npm install` or `yarn install`
- run the application `yarn start`

## BACK-END:
The Backend is an API built using NodeJS, Mongoose, Firebase and MongoDB.

### instructions:
- clone the repository `git clone https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE.`
- navigate to folder `owc-backend` and make sure you are indeed in that directory.
- install dependencies `npm install` or `yarn install`.
- run the application in development `yarn dev`.

## MOBILE:
The Mobile App is built in React Native and Redux + Redux-Saga for state management.
- Make sure you have installed an ndroid or ios simulator.
- Enable developer options on your phone.
- If using a physical device enable usb debugging after confirming that developer options are enable too.
  - connect the physical device to the computer
  - Install dependencies with `npm install` or `yarn install`
  - start the bundler server with `npm start` or `yarn start`
  - without closing the budler server, run another terminal window and run the command `react-native android` for android and `react-native ios` for iOS platforms respectively. 

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/louiCoder"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/32771081?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Musanje Louis Michael</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#maintenance-louiCoder" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/commits?author=louiCoder" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3AlouiCoder" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="#talk-louiCoder" title="Talks">📢</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://wesleyspartan.com"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/43061081?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Wesley K Spartan</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/commits?author=SpartanWK" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/Nsengiyunva"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/4712414?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>King Isaac Nsengiyunva</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/commits?author=Nsengiyunva" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://david.ug"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/10559576?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>David Wampamba</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/commits?author=davidofug" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/TabbyKat123"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/51475285?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>TabbyKat123</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/commits?author=TabbyKat123" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/Stuartkal"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/47181425?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>stuartkal</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/commits?author=stuartkal" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/morelmiles"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/5358356?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>moremiles</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/louiCoder/ONE-WEEK-APP-CHALLENGE/commits?author=morelmiles" title="Code">💻</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
